For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. Then you will call on me and come and pray to me, and I will listen to you. You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. I will be found by you,” declares the Lord, "and will bring you back from captivity." ~ Jeremiah 29:11-14  
Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light on my path. I have taken an oath and confirmed it, that I will follow your righteous laws. ~ Psalm 119:105-106
Cast your cares on the LORD and he will sustain you; he will never let the righteous be shaken. ~ Psalm 55:22
God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble.  Therefore we will not fear, though the earth give way and the mountains fall into the heart of the sea, though its waters roar and foam and the mountains quake with their surging. ~ Psalm 46:1-3
There is a river whose streams make glad the city of God, the holy place where the Most High dwells.  God is within her, she will not fall; God will help her at break of day. Nations are in uproar, kingdoms fall he lifts his voice, the earth melts.  The LORD Almighty is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress. ~ Pslam 46:4-7
Sing the praises of the LORD, you his faithful people; praise his holy name.  for his anger lasts only a moment, but his favor lasts a lifetime; weeping may stay for the night, but refjoicing comes in the morning. ~Psalm 30:4-5
The LORD your God is with you, the Mighty Warrior who saves.  He will take great delight in you; in his love he will no longer rebuke you, but will rejoice over you with singing. ~ Zephaniah 3:17
My sacrifice, O God, is a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart you, God, will not despise.  May it please you to prosper Zion, to build up the walls of Jerusalem. ~ Pslam 51:17-18
Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.  Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls.  For my yoke is easy and my burden is light. ~ Matthew 11:28-30
I lift up my eyes to the mountains where does my help come from?  My help comes from the LORD, the Maker of heaven and earth.  He will not let your foot slip - he who watches over you will not slumber; indeed, he who watches over Isreal will neither slumber nor sleep. ~ Psalm 121:1-4
The LORD watches over you - the LORD is your shade at your right hand; the sun will not harm you by day nor the moon by night.  The LORD will keep you from all harm - he will watch over your life; the LORD will watch over your coming and going both now and forevermore. ~ Pslam 121:5-8
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heave.  Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.  Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.  Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled.  Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy. ~ Matthew 5:1-7
You are the light of the world.  A town built on a hill cannot be hidden. Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl.  Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house.  In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in Heaven. ~ Matthew 5:14-16
No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us.  For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to seperate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord. ~ Romans 8:37-39
For through the law I died to the law so that I might live for God.  i have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me.  The life I now live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.  I do not set aside the grace of God, for if righteousness could be gained through the law, Christ died for nothing! ~ Galations 2:19-21
This is how we know what love is: Jesus Christ laid down his life for us.  And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters.  If anyone has material possessions and sees a brother of sister in need but has no pity on them, how can the love of God be in that person?  Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth. ~ 1 John 3:16-18
Love must be sincere. Hate what is evil; cling to what is good.  Be devoted to one another in love.  Honor one another above yourselves.  Never be lacking in zeal, but keep your spiritual fervor, serving the Lord.  Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction faithful in prayer.  Share with the Lord's people who are in need.  Practice Hospitality. ~ Romans 12:9-13
God is not a human, that he should lie, not a human being, that he should change his mind.  Does he speak and then not act? Does he promise and not fulfill?  I have received a command to bless; he has blessed, and I cannot change it. ~ Numbers 23:19-20
I know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty.  I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation, whether well fed or hungry, whether living in plenty or in want.  I can do all this through him who gives me strength. ~ Phillipians 4:12-13
Show me your ways, LORD, teach me your paths.  Guide me in your truth and teach me, for you are God my Savior, and my hope is in you all day long.  Remember, LORD, your great mercy and love, for they are from of old.  Do not remember the sins of my youth and my rebellious ways; according to your love remember me, for you, LORD, are good. ~ Pslam 25:4-7
In you, LORD my God, I put my trust.  I trust in you; do not let me be put to shame, nor let my enemies triumph over me.  No one who hopes in you will ever be put to shame. ~ Psalm 25:1-3
To you, LORD, I called; to the Lord I cried for mercy: "What is gained if I am silenced, if I go down to the pit?  Will the dust praise you?  Will it proclaim your faithfulness?  Hear, LORD, and be merciful to me; LORD, be my help." You turned my wailing into dancing; you removed my sackcloth and clothed me with joy, that my heart may sing your praises and not be silent.  LORD my God, I will praise you forever. ~ Pslam 30: 8-12